Welcome to the Intrusive Thoughts system. This notecard will tell you all you need to know to use the system.

1. What's inside
Inside of your package you will find:
 - Instruction Manual: You're reading it right now.
 - Intrusive Thoughts Applier Notecard Template: An example applier notecard. You will be using this to set up the voice and hearing restrictions featured in the IT Slaves.
 - Intrusive Thoughts Configuration: You will be editing this notecard and dropping it onto the HUD to set it up before first usage and whenever you wish to change the settings.
 - Intrusive Thoughts Focus Target: The focus target, to be used to make a slave or object look at a specific point on your body.
 - Intrusive Thoughts Furniture: Rez this to make an object 'furniture' for the IT system.
 - Intrusive Thoughts Master: The Master HUD, to be worn by you.
 - Intrusive Thoughts Slave: The Slave HUD, to be given to your submissives.

You will also find an unpacker named > Intrusive Thoughts Extras which contains:
 - > Intrusive Thoughts Carrier API: An unpacker for the Carrier kit and API with instructions and an example script.
 - > Intrusive Thoughts Leash Handles: An unpacker containing two leash handles compatible with the IT Slaves.
 - > Intrusive Thoughts Plugin API: An unpacker for the Plugin API instructions and Demo Plugin scripts.
 - > Intrusive Thoughts RLV Client Script: An unpacker containing an extra script if 10 supported RLV devices on the RLV relay is not enough.
 - Intrusive Thoughts Slave NORELAY: The Slave HUD, to be given to your submissives. This version without an RLV relay built in.
 - Intrusive Thoughts Tuned Translator: A translator to be worn by people if they wish to be able to understand an IT Slave with the DIALECT option enabled. This one listens only to the person that gave it to them. You would give this to your slave and they would have to try to get people to accept and wear it before they can understand them. Note that unless you enable the DIALECT option, this is unneeded.
 - Intrusive Thoughts Universal Translator: A translator to be worn by people if they wish to be able to understand an IT Slave with the DIALECT option enabled. This one listens to every IT Slave. You would give this to your slave and they would have to try to get people to accept and wear it before they can understand them. Note that unless you enable the DIALECT option, this is unneeded.


2. How do I use this Master HUD?
To get started, edit the "Intrusive Thoughts Configuration". Now wear your Master HUD and as it requests, drop your notecard on it. It will begin reading the settings and flip open.

The HUD has a built-in tutorial system: Click and hold down the mouse for more than a second on a button, and it will tell you what the button does and how it works.

Except for the menu, leash to, and slave RLV options, all of the buttons work on a target regardless of whether or not they are wearing an IT Slave, assuming they have an active RLV relay and accept the requests.

The RLV relay in the Master can be enabled by clicking on the RLV button, and disabled by clicking on it again. It will immediately and without notification release any RLV restrictions when turned off, since it is meant as an "RLV relay for Dominants".

Keep in mind that while having RLV enabled is not required for use of the Master HUD, the teleportation feature relies on RLV to function and if you do not have RLV enabled, at times you will see messages starting with an @ symbol appearing in your chat. This is not a bug, and it will not be changed. It just means you do not have RLV enabled. Since the RLV relay in the Master HUD can be turned on and off by the click of a button, it is assumed that you have RLV turned on.


3. How do I get started with a Slave?
To add a Slave, just give a Slave device to your submissive and have them put it on. You can then use the menu button on the HUD (the three dots) to program them with an applier if you want to add vocal or auditory restrictions. You can also type /1<prefix> to access the menu of a nearby Slave. Prefix is the first two letters of your slave's username. So, for Hana Nova, the menu command would be /1ha and for Sinryl Resident the menu command would be /1si. You can also just click the slave device.

When freshly worn, the slave device will be visible as a magenta orb in front of the wearer's neck. They can then move it around so that the orb is in a suitable location for a leash to originate from. Once done, the Master should click on the magenta orb or type /1<prefix> to access the menu, and lock it. When locked it will become invisible, and bigger, so it is still easily clickable.

Depending on who clicks it, different menus will be shown:
 - The wearer will get options to change their playing animation. More animations can be added to the slave's inventory to expand this list.
 - Any owner will get a list of options including the above, IM restrictions, stripping, forms, outfits, stuff, deafness, blindness, muting, dazing, focussing and locking, as well as instructions for some other features. These links are all clickable and will execute their stated function.
 - In addition, the primary option will be given a command to add more secondary owners or to remove them.

The RLV relay in the Slaves is a specific type of ASK mode relay: If the object is owned by any of the owners, it is allowed. If not, the request is sent to the primary owner if they are in the same region, and if not, the wearer will be asked.

NOTE: THE IT SLAVE HAS AN RLV RELAY BUILT IN AND IS WHOLLY INCOMPATIBLE WITH OPENCOLLAR COLLARS UNLESS THE OPENCOLLAR RELAY IS DISABLED! IF YOU INSIST ON USING A DIFFERENT RELAY, YOU MUST USE THE NORELAY VERSION OF THE SLAVE.


4. What RLV folders are supported and how do they work?
For the wearer of the Master HUD:
 - #RLV/~IT/vore/on: This will be worn whenever you eat someone, and taken off when you let them go.
 - #RLV/~IT/vore/off: This will be taken off whenever you eat someone, and worn when you let them go.
 - #RLV/~IT/vore/number: This, with 'number' replaced with 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, ..., 90, 95, 100, will be worn when the vore acid level percentage changes. The previous acid level will be taken off.
 - #RLV/~IT/name: This, with 'name' replaced for whatever you named the object, will be worn whenever you objectify a person. It will be taken off when you let them go.

For the wearer of a Slave device:
 - #RLV/~form/...: The contents of the ~form folder can browsed by any owner of the slave. When worn, they will be fully stripped before putting on the chosen form. This is suitable for an entirely different avatars.
 - #RLV/~outfit/...: The contents of the ~outfit folder can browsed by any owner of the slave. When worn, just the contents of the ~outfit folder will be stripped, and then the chosen outfit will be added. This is suitable for outfits on top of a base form.
 - #RLV/~stuff/...: The contents of the ~stuff folder can browsed by any owner of the slave. Any subfolder can be worn or removed individually.
 - The ~form, ~outfit, and ~stuff prefixes can be changed via the applier notecard.


5. About the Objectification system.
There are a few nuances to the objectification system. When you objectify someone, they can still emote. But if they try to talk, or emote with spoken text in it, only they, the other objects worn by you, and yourself will be able to see that. In addition, you as a wearer may speak into channel /8 (think of it like a magic 8-ball) to 'think' to the objects you are wearing. When you store an object as furniture, you can no longer think to them, and they can no longer speak to anyone except themselves, or with other furniture in the region that has the same group.

When you wear an object and they escape or log off, no recapture attempt will be made.


6. About the Vore system.
The Vore system works similarly to the Objectification system, except your prey can still talk. One special feature here is the acid level. If the acid level is at or above 40%, clothes will begin dissolving. If you go above 100% acid level, your prey will be fully dissolved. Like the worn Objectification system, there is no recapturing on the Vore system.


7. How do I configure the vocal/auditory features of a Slave?
Read the included Applier Notecard Template and edit it to your liking. Once done, rename it to whatever you want and drop it onto your HUD. You can now use the menu button to program any nearby Slaves with that notecard. Do note that you can leave out any section of the configuration notecard as desired. For example, a notecard that *only* renames the Slave would contain the following two lines and nothing else:

█NAME
Name Here


8. How do I use the teleport system?
You can click on the TP button to get a menu of programmed destinations. If you have an avatar locked, you will have the option to just send them. You can also drop a landmark onto the HUD to send off all Slaves and then yourself.

If you are carrying someone, of if you have eaten someone, an attempt will be made to teleport them along with you. Because of SL limitations and issues when rezzing into a new region, you must recapture them yourself at the destination.


9. My Slave is complaining that they get spammed with "..." in chat after being programmed with an applier notecard.
Disable the "..." during auditory restrictions by disabling: RLVa -> Show Filtered Chat —or— CTRL+ALT+D to enable Advanced Menu, then CTRL+ALT+SHIFT+S to go into Debug Settings. Look for [RestrainedLoveShowEllipsis] and change it to FALSE.


10. How do I create Furniture compatible with the Objectification system?
Rez a furniture object included and follow the instructions it gives you. Afterwards you can click the object to change more settings as well as locking someone that was captured onto the furniture. A locked person will be recaptured whenever it is seen, and as long as a piece of furniture has a locked avatar, it will not accept any other storage or captures.

You can add Immersivity HUD furniture scripts and it will still work. It has been tested with AVSitter scripted seats and those work as well (people other than the owner will even get the avsitter menu when clicking). Any other scripted objects will likely work.


11. How do I create a leash holder?
Unpack the leash holder package and add the appropriate script to the linked prim of your leash holder where the leash should go to. If you want it to disappear when you are not leashing someone, use the "autohide" script. Otherwise use the normal script.


12. Can I add support for more simultaneous RLV devices to the relay?
Yes, just add more client scripts from the RLV Client Script package. One per device.


13. Something really broke... Help!
If a script crashes in your HUD, the watchdog script should take care of it. The same goes for the slaves.

However, if something is broken and it doesn't involve a script crash, you can reset your hud by typing /1hardreset, and you can reset a slave by locking onto it and clicking the reset button.


14. Are there any super secret unlisted commands in the Slave/Master?
Yes, for the Slave, you can type /1<prefix>@<rlv command>. So if your slave is called Hana Nova, you could type /1ha@unsit=force to stand them up.

You can also type /1<prefix>plugin to get a list of installed API plugins. For the Master, this command is /1plugin.


15. How do I get to the RLV relay menu in the Master HUD?
If you are under active restrictions from the RLV relay, you can just click the RLV button on the HUD. If you are not under active RLV restrictions or you do not have the relay enabled, you can type /1rlvmenu to access the menu.

This menu will offer several clickable links and give several options regarding filters and active restrictions.


16. How do these RLV filters work?
Think of RLV filters as a list of commands you want the relay to ignore. For example, the filter "unsit" will prevent any toy from preventing you from standing up. In addition to just typing the name of the command, there are a few wildcards: "+" will match one or more characters, and "*" will match zero or more characters.

Let's look at a good example of wildcards. Imagine you wanted to avoid being affected by any kind of IM restrictions. If you look at the list of RLV commands, you'll see there are a bunch of commands like "sendim", "startim", "recvim", "sendim_sec" and so on, so what you could do is write this filter: "+im*=". This means "one ore more characters, followed by im, followed by zero or more characters, followed by =".

One important thing to note is that the filters can give false positives, for example if you're made to change to a group that includes the letters "im", that would also be prevented. To avoid this, it would be best to write four filters instead: "+im:+=", "+im=", "+im_sec:+=" and "+im_sec=".

For a comprehensive list of all the RLV commands in use, you can view the wiki here: http://wiki.secondlife.com/wiki/LSL_Protocol/RestrainedLoveAPI


17. What are all these options like "B.MUTE" in the options menu in the HUD?
B.MUTE OFF/B.MUTE ON: Enable/disable blind muting as described in the applier template. This means that when you mute your slave, they will not be able to tell the difference between their text when muted and when not muted.

RESET: Reset your slave's programming. It remove any settings as applied via a notecard.

BIMBO OFF: Disabled auditory bimbofication.

BIMBO SET: Set the word limit on auditory bimbofication.

BIMBO ODDS: Set the chance on auditory bimbofication.

TIMER SET: Change the timer for the phrases.

NAME: Change your slave's name.

CUSTOM: Enter a custom command, this can be used to send just one line from a notecard if you want to do detailed RP. For example to add an auditory filter, you could send the command "AUDITORY_FILTER from=to".

AFKCHECK: Sends a message to the selected slave and if they do not respond in time, you will get a message back saying they are AFK. They have 30 seconds to respond.


18. How do I change the sound of the vore carrier?
Rez your hud onto the ground and take the "carrier" out of it, rez that as well.

Edit the carrier and select the link with the acid-anim script. Placing a sound file here will replace the gurgling sound.
Edit the carrier and select the link with the stomach-anim script. Placing a sound file here will replace the heartbeat sound.

Take it back to your inventory and replace it in your HUD.


19. How do I use the Struggle API?
The struggle API communicates on channel 997611882, hereafter called STRUGGLE_CHANNEL. The struggle API is present in the included vore carrier, the objectification ball, and the furniture ball. Messages will be sent to the person wearing the IT hud that rezzed the vore carrier or objectification ball, or the furniture prim in the case of furniture.

The following messages will be sent from the carrier/ball to the hud wearer/furniture:
 - captured|<uuid>|<type>|<what> — Sent when a new victim is captured. Uuid is the victim's uuid. Type is 'vore', 'object', or 'possess' depending on what they are a victim of. What is only added in the case of object type and is the name of the object they have become.
 - released|<uuid> — Sent when a victim is released for any reason. Uuid is the released victim's uuid.
 - acid_level|<uuid>|<level> — Sent when a vore victim is captured and whenever the acid level is changed thereafter. Uuid is the victim's uuid. Level is a floating point number between 0.0 and 1.0.
 - acid_dissolve|<uuid> — Sent when the acid level is pushed over the max. The victim is considered dissolved by the carrier at this point. Uuid is the victim's uuid.
 - struggle_count|<uuid>|<count> — Sent when the victim has made a non-zero amount of struggle attempts in the last second by pressing SHIFT+A, SHIFT+D, PGUP or PGDN. Uuid is the victim's uuid. Count is the amount of struggle actions counted in the last second.

The following commands will be accepted from the wearer/furniture prim:
 - struggle_success|<uuid>|<message> — This command signifies that the struggle was a success. The victim matching uuid (if any) will be released and they will be told the message passed.
 - struggle_fail|<uuid>|<message> — This command signifies that the struggle failed. The victim matching uuid (if any) will no longer generate struggle_count messages and will be told the message passed.

Implementation notes:
 - You may add scripts to the carrier/ball to expand this api, but your messages MUST be prefixed with two underscores, a product identifier, and another underscore. So for example, you could add '__cooltoy_custom_message' to the API for your needs.
 - Outgoing messages from the carrier/ball may be modified in the future, but new parameters will ALWAYS be added to the end of the command, so you can always split on '|' and find what you expect where you expect it. Please do NOT check the length of the split list, as it may grow in the future.
 - If incoming commands are added in the future that replace old commands, the old command will still be supported where possible.
 - In the case of vore carriers made using the included kit, you are expected to handle this API yourself or implement your own struggling system.


20. How do I use the Adjustable Restrictions when objectifying someone?
When you capture someone, you will get a notification in chat with a link to click for a menu. Of note here is that the captured person can also get this menu, however they can only make the restrictions worse, not better.


21. How do I use the possession system?
Same as the objectification and vore systems. You lock onto someone, then you click the "possess" button. It will then give them an object (or use the slave if they're wearing it) and them under your control. You can click the play/pause button so you can move yourself, and you can click the chair button to have your victim sit on what you're looking at. You can also talk into channel /7 to talk through your victim's mouth.

When you're done, just click the release button.


22. How do I use the Focus Target?
When worn as is, any slave or object that has focusing restrictions active will look at the focus target instead of your avatar center. You can wear it on any attachment point. When worn, you will get a clickable link to get a menu to modify the position, rotation and zoom factor, as well as get a preview of what your slaves/objects will me seeing. This preview uses RLV, but is not a restriction on you.

You can also rename the object a specific name to make that specific object look at it. For example, if you wear a focus target called Heels, the worn object called Heels will look at that target. All other objects will still look at the standard focus target.


23. Can I stop the IT slave from resizing?
Yes, just put anything (texture, sound, notecard...) inside of it with the name NO_RESIZE, and it won't.


24. How do I have multiple types of, for example, sneakers, in my RLV folders and choose which pair will be worn when objectifying someone into sneakers?
By default, IT will wear "#RLV/~IT/sneakers" when you turn someone into sneakers. But if you want to have multiple pairs, like for example a folder called "sneakers 11", you can objectify them instead into "Sneakers;sneakers 11". They will still speak as "Sneakers", but IT will instead put on the "sneakers 11" folder.
